Update approximate-knn.md (#6011)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/approximate-knn.md

## Spaces

> A space corresponds to the function used to measure the distance between two points in order to determine the k-nearest neighbors. From the k-NN perspective, a lower score equates to a closer and better result. This is the opposite of how OpenSearch scores results, where a greater score equates to a better result. To convert distances to OpenSearch scores, we take 1 / (1 + distance). The k-NN plugin supports the following spaces. Not every method supports each of these spaces. Be sure to check out [the method documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#method-definitions) to make sure the space you are interested in is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A space corresponds to the function used to measure the distance between two points in order to determine the k-nearest neighbors. From the k-NN perspective, a lower score equates to a closer and better result. This is the opposite of how OpenSearch scores results, where a greater score equates to a better result. To convert distances to OpenSearch scores, we take 1 / (1 + distance). The k-NN plugin supports the following spaces. 

Not every method supports each of these spaces. Be sure to check out [the method documentation]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#method-definitions) to make sure the space you are intersted in is supported.
{: note.}

```
